rough draft :)
Jumping in Heart First
A laughter packed intro to the shamans way of seeing as seen by JennPipp. 
 “Logic will get you from A to Z; imagination will get you everywhere.” 
― Albert Einstein



Seeing is a creative act. This class is for people ready to explore how they see in a fun group setting. We will be exploring shamans way of seeing and mapping. We will explore some of the maps we use, like a-z , wright or wrong, hours of the day, and numbers. THe class will be filled with new maps, the four directions, despatcho,  jpurnsy, sacred space. This class will be building on what you already know about symbol, even if you dont know you know it.  Once we begin to map out our maps, you will gain perspective and  creative authority over how you see.
You will learn some basic tools that you can start using immediately. Starting with the Four Winds Style of Opening Sacred Space and Breathing.  We will build a group alter as we explore alters and symbolism. We will also hold a despatcho ceremony , a symbolic dispatch, for the many ways ofseeing as we are exploring the maps. We will take a special Journey  to Patachamama the heart of the earth.The final part of the evening will be  the Kowak rites. from the munay ki These rights open your vision and connect the vison of your eyes to  the vision of your heart. This work will be done from the heart, gut and head where we jump in. You will see how easy things can move, and how  easliy you can intergrate any peices you love into your life immedately

You will get handy notes of all of this info after the work is done. at the end we can chat over tea and have a Q & A. 
Please bring a special item that you own or an item from nature you like to put on the group alter when class starts.
This course is a begining of the offerings that sacred in the city will have periodically at Akasha Studio, and outdoors in the warmer months. A pulse of group interest will be taken to set the course of future offerings.


“I must be willing to give up what I am in order to become what I will be.” 
― Albert Einstein
“Creativity is intelligence having fun.” 
― Albert Einstein

Jenn Pipp holds the circle Sacred in the City, ceremony, workshops and individual healings. Her studies as a performance and visual artist have synergized with the way of the shaman that she has been studying. It is her passion to share what she has learned on her journey, through fun community building events that empower the individual and the group.  