Lets start at 8 and run 2 hours. 
first or second friday in march is good for me.
I can do a second one first or second friday in april, if you want to hold the space under the classes name, we could actually put it i


I think the price will go up, so maybe we can call this a first class special.
20 early registration
25 at the door.
I like to offer for people who can't afford the price of a class other options.

probably capping at 20 people is a good idea.



The Art of Seeing
An evening exploring the Shaman's way of seeing and mapping.
 
The Shaman sees seeing as a creative act. How you see the world is a skill you can develop. We will work the skill of seeing from many angles in this class.
As we learn we will be building a ceremonial offering. Working from the gut and heart we will jump right in, learn by doing, and trust our senses. In this space we are not working from the place of right and wrong, allowing people to experience and speak freely.
We will explore the maps we use to navigate the world. We will look at How we hold the information we know about space, time, and the world we live in. We will look at where these maps work well and where they don’t. Has trying to decide yes or no ever stressed you out? The right and wrong framework can cause a lot of confusion and stress when applied to things that do not fit. Would you try to fit everything you own into your backpack? Differentiating what you need for each situation will give you freedom. Being able to shift between various maps makes negotiating the world much easier.
 We will look at ways that shaman map the world. The four directions, three centers and other maps will be shared. You will learn how to open sacred space, a method of shamanic breath work, and ways to work with altars.  To energize this understanding you will receive a Munay Ki rite. Kowak rites, the seer rites are beautiful rites that connect the vision of your eyes connected to the wisdom of your heart. Everyone will also go home with a sacred object charged with the energy of the evening. Afterwards there will be time for questions over tea.
What to bring to class:
It is traditional to give a small gift as an energy exchange when receiving a rite, something homemade, beeswax candles, or flowers are a good choices.
optional items to bring:
Sacred object.
Rattle.
Florida water.
 
 
 
Jenn Pipp is an artist-shaman-ceremonialist. She brings this work together in her project Sacred in the City. It is an organization dedicated to celebrating the beauty of life; specializing in celebrating life the city has to offer. 
 Currently group ceremony and skill sharing are her focus.  Ceremonies range from rational Quero style of the Andes to site specific works created for the city. Jenn also holds mythic healings for individuals.
She has completed the Four Winds Healing the Light Body Program and traveled to Peru to sit in ceremony with the Ayahuasceros of the Jungle and the Pacos of the Andes. In addition she has taken Four Winds masters classes, and studied with teachers from other traditions. With this experience she brings her own special blend of healing in her fun lighthearted style.
She holds a degree in multimedia art (BFA 2001) from the School of the Museum of Fine Arts and has performed at many locations including Mobius. Her most current performance work is live film ceremony with her visual band Architecture of the Sun. 
 

Do you want an image of me to post? I remember you calling me "the shaman in residence" at an event. I liked that, feel free to use that on the teacher info page :)
